Add documentation - Getting Started - Harmonization (#1834)
kuzzleio/kuzzle: doc/2/guides/getting-started/1-quick-start/index.md

We can also use the [Admin Console](/core/2/some-page-about-ac) which allows to manage your data, your users and your rights.

::: info

> The Admin Console is a [Single Page Application](https://www.wikiwand.com/en/Single-page_application) written in Vue.js and using the [Javascript SDK](/sdk/js/7).  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Admin Console is a [Single Page Application](https://www.wikipedia.org/en/Single-page_application) written in Vue.js and using the [Javascript SDK](/sdk/js/7).  
```

Author: Ah yes! Ok but wikiwand is so good <3
